Meeting Secretary Notes

***********
 Meeting 1
***********
 #Secretary:
  Ahmed Banko

 #Date:
  Sunday, 31 January 2021, 16:00 (GMT).

 #Who attended:
  All team members were present.

 #What Was Discussed:
  - Shae McFadden was elected as a team leader.
  - The team agreed on some tools to use for the project (GitHub, etc).
  - A plan was made for the first task of the project (Requirement Analysis).

  #What Actions Were Agreed:
  - The team agreed on the format in which the members should use while working with GitHub.
  - A brainstorming sessions will be made for the first tasks of the assignment.
  - Each member will then be assigned to do a separate task.
  - Members will create separate branches of the project, and once their task is done,
  the branch will then be uploaded to be reviewed by the team members before merging with the master branch.
  - The next meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, 3 February 2021, 16:00 (GMT).


 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


***********
 Meeting 2
***********
 #Secretary:
  Ahmed Banko

 #Date:
  Wednesday, 3 February 2021, 16:00 (GMT).

 #Who attended:
  All team members were present.

 #What Was Discussed:
  - A brainstorming with ideas for Requirements Analysis.
  - Several points were agreed on, and stored for later use in the report.
  - The team agreed on reviewing the Requirements Analysis prototype when it's ready and published on GitHub by the team leader.

  #What Actions Were Agreed:
  - The team leader will contact the lecturers about SGTs, and to request a clarification about the ambiguous points in the coursework specifications.
  - An initial 'empty' Papyrus project will be uploaded on GitHub.
  - Team members will clone the Papyrus project on their own PC to start working on drawing Use Case diagrams.
  - Each team member will be assigned to do a particular Use Case.
  - The team will review and discuss the diagrams in the next meeting.
  - The next meeting is scheduled for Sunday, 7 February 2021, 16:00 (GMT).


 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


***********
 Meeting 3
***********
 #Secretary:
  Shermiaya Raymond

 #Date:
  Sunday, 7 February 2021, 16:00 (GMT).

 #Who attended:
  All team members were present.

 #What Was Discussed:
  - Each team member presented their work for their assigned task via Microsoft Teams.
    - Suhayb Yones task was to review the functional Requirements.
    - Zakariya Ahmed Mohammed and Ahmed Banko worked on the User VS System requirements.
    - Shermiaya Raymond worked on the prioratisation of requirements.
    - Shae McFadden worked on creating the Use Case diagram.
    - Inigo Cojuangco worked on Use Case descriptions.
  - Through reviweing everyones work individually, we were able to make some ammendments where needed.

  #What Actions Were Agreed:
  - Team leader (Shae McFadden) will format all the team members work into a single PDF.
  - Each team member will have a copy of the final report prototype to review individually. 
  - Before the next meeting, each member must have went through the report prototype and made any notes on where changes could be made.
  - The next meeting will consist of consolidationg our separte thoughts on the prototype, so
  we can present the report in its final completed form.
  - THe next meeting is scheduled 14/02/2021 at 16:00 (GMT)


 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

***********
 Meeting 4
***********
#Secretary:
Zakariya Ahmed Mohamed

#Date:
Sunday 14 February 2021 16:00 (GMT)

#Who Attended The Meeting:
- All members were present

#What Was Discussed:
- Review of report draft 

#What Actions Were Agreed:
- Shae McFadden created padlet for all members to suggest class diagrams for Thursday
- Next meeting scheduled for Thursday 18 February 2021 14:00 (GMT)


 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


**********
Meeting 5
**********
#Secretary:
Zakariya Ahmed Mohamed

#Date:
Thursday 18 February 2021 14:00 (GMT)

#Who Attended The Meeting:
-	Everyone except Suhyab Yones attended the meeting

#What Was Discussed:
-	Class diagram padlet discussed and accepted proposed class diagrams
-	Class diagram started to be built on Papyrus
- Stakeholders listing during Meeting 2 improved upon

#What Actions Were Agreed:
- Class diagrams to be completed by Inigo Cojuangco and Ahmed Banko
- Stakeholders and requirements to be reviewed by Shae McFadden
- Next meeting scheduled for Sunday 21 February 2021 16:00 (GMT)


 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


**********
Meeting 6
**********
#Secretary:
Zakariya Ahmed Mohamed

#Date:
Sunday 21 February 2021 16:00 (GMT)

#Who Attended The Meeting:
-	All members were present

#What Was Discussed:
-	The report and the class diagram was looked through
- The final report was agreed upon by all members of the team present
- Talked about specification for part 2 of coursework

#What Actions Were Agreed:
- Shae McFadden would clean up report and submit it
- Next meeting would regard in planning for part 2 of coursework
- Week 6 of ISE to be completed by next meeting
- 6 beer kegs for Shae by next meeting
- Next meeting scheduled for Sunday 28 February 2021 16:00 (GMT)


 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
